---
layout: single
title: Week 3
published: true
category: journal
---

## Task List:
- finish python background portion of course
- learn jupyter notebook
- get clarity on website instructions and submit basic layout
- prepare for next milestone
  

### Challenges:
This week I was worried about the website requirements and what would be expected of me in completing them. Mainly, I just wanted to know if it was okay if I added posts that weren't these journal entries, and if I could post resources I used compiled in a separate post, in case the 5 people out there who read this were curious.
To that end, I knew I had to ask the DREU coordinators, but speaking to people who are unfamiliar takes a few days for me to build up the courage to talk to. I often feel I am inconveniencing people. 
Despite that, I really wanted to create something amazing for the website and found it in myself to ask in an email. Amanda Stent, one of the organizers, promptly answered all my questions and it turned out to be less of a big deal than I was making it out to be in my mind; that made me feel a lot better about this and more excited to complete my tasks. She did say I could customize the theme of the website and give me more guidance on what these journal entries might entail.

While learning python and jupyter, I did run into a problem where I couldn't decide whether to use anaconda or just install the dependencies. (Side note, last semester when I was trying to learn what tools I'd need to use data science, I installed anaconda on my Mac and got distracted and didn't finish configuring it and completely forgot all about it; later, I had an exam and tried to write a very simple algorithm in python but my install was completely broken and I ran out of time. I later spent 4 hours trying to figure out what happened and had to repair the links pointing to python that my IDE was using. READ. INSTRUCTIONS.) I ultimately decided to have a conda environment and properly configure it this time. 
After that, I didn't have many problems with using jupyter. Other than struggling to remember how to install dependecies from within the notebook and remembering how to use bash commands to clean data, as I learned in the "Python for Data Science" course. 


### Resources used this week:
- edx Python for Data Science 



## Next Steps:
- learn pandas, matplotlib library
