---
layout: single
title: Week 4
published: true
category: journal
---
## Task List:
- organize journal notes into reflection posts for website
- summarize notes / learned for python and data science
- study analysis algorithm techniques in greater detail
- clean git repo for website and improve customization
- add pic to website that represents you

### Challenges:
While learning python and jupyter, I did ran into a problem where I couldn't decide whether to use anaconda or just install the dependencies. (Side note, last semester when I was trying to learn what tools I'd need to use data science, I installed anaconda on my Mac and got distracted and didn't finish configuring it and completely forgot all about it; later, I had an exam and tried to write a very simple algorithm in python but my install was completely broken and I ran out of time. I later spent 4 hours trying to figure out what happened and had to repair the links pointing to python that my IDE was using. READ. INSTRUCTIONS.) I ultimately decided to have a conda environment and properly configure it this time. 
After that, I didn't have many problems with learning how to use jupyter on a local server.

It seems like I won't have access to equipment or the campus resources for awhile so we may need to switch my research goal entirely. I sent in a request to go on campus so I can have a quiet place to work since my parents both are working from home and tend to disturb me while I'm supposed to be working. Mainly my dad, who is always looking for my mom after she is gone for 5 minutes.ß



### Resources used this week:




## Next Steps: